
Jpeginfo v1.7.0beta  Copyright (c) 1995-2023, Timo Kokkonen.


REQUIREMENTS
	jpeglib, Independent JPEG Group's jpeg library version 6a or
        version 7 (or later version)

TESTED PLATFORMS
	Linux
	MacOS
	Solaris
        IRIX
	HP-UX

INSTALLATION
	Installation should be very straightforward, just unpack the
	tar file, run configure script, and then compile the program. 
	You may wanna do something like this:

		gunzip -c jpeginfo-1.7.0.tar.gz | tar xf -
		cd jpeginfo-1.7.0
		./configure
		make
		make strip
		make install

	NOTE! if 'configure' cannot find libjpeg.a or jpeglib.h, then
	you must use the --with-jpeglib option when running configure,
	see 'configure --help'.


HISTORY
        v1.7.0 - support for CSV output (--csv),
	         add support for reading input file stdin (--stdin),
		 add support for displaying column names (--header),
	         other minor fixes.
	v1.6.2 - add SHA256 digest support (--sha256 or -2),
	         improved Win32 support thanks to tumagonx,
		 other minor fixes.
	v1.6.1 - support for new libjpeg v7 thanks to Guido Vollbeding,
		 fix to display of 8bit characters by Pierre Jarillon
	v1.6.0 - added support for printing out Comments (from COM
	         markers), Exif format images are now also recognized
	         (no Exif marker decoding functionality, though).
	v1.5   - configuration is now done with GNU autoconf, 
		 program now uses free MD5 algorithm,
		 added file size as new field on reports,
		 program now returns exit code 1 if one or more of the jpegs
		 had any errors, useful for testing if particular jpeg is
	         ok from shell scripts, 
	         also if you specify -q (--quiet) option twice on
		 command line, then program won't produce any output.
	v1.4   - added support for calculating MD5 checksums.
	v1.3   - alternative listing format (-l switch) added.
	         new column on reports displaying whether jpeg is 
		 progressive or normal (P/N).
		 new switch -i for printing out even more information
	         about pictures: coding, density, CCIR601 sampling.
	         new switch -f for passing filenames to program from
	         file or stdin.
	v1.2   - improved support for other platforms, minor fixes
        v1.1.2 - small fixes, improvements to Makefile
	v1.1   - modified to use Independent JPEG Group's new v.6a library,
		 minor fixes.
	v1.0   - first public release


LATEST VERSION

	Latest version is always available from:
		http://www.iki.fi/tjko/projects.html


ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

	- MD5 message-digest allgorithm used is public domain implementation
	  written by Colin Plumb.
	- SHA-256 message-digest algorithm used is public domain implementation
	  by D. J. Bernstein (from NaCl library).



Timo <tjko@iki.fi>
07-Jan-2023
